have you heard of the subliminal messages in
youtube to those are rumors and nonsense
Enroll to results
enlist to the Navy recruited should
get ready in the courts under that cat
Is a crack
hello recruits is me and I premiere as
new member of recruits in the
week of the questions but before
I want to say that I am very happy
be here representing the color
yellow and jules is short short is already
here is worth my question is why do you think
that you deserve the yellow color
because I am destined to represent
This color was once told to me by a voice
powerful ancestral in a revelation
now I am a powerful ancestral voice
talking about a revelation that yes good
from the color that surrounds you
yellow is defined that you are
destined to represent the tricolor
because I play
and this is yellow
the revelation
and that happened and I did not just invented
no way
next question jules what is the
maximum number of knives with which
you can juggle
with 0 or welcome recruited thanks
here goes my question do you have any
addiction I do not have much self-control and I do not
I let go of chocolate again and
honey but as we have agreed to enter
in reputed that what we charge
millions is a lie that you were in
thinking I do not know, let me fool you
those of the two pretty colors the
music of the bribes that he said
to know is not to govern
next question jules what do you think of
that the color yellow is the color of
bad luck seems to me very badly that
is judging justly the yellow
because that's just superstitions and what
I'm going to show you come challenge the bad
luck to come to the team that comes
the red bulls have some fruits if
I have a pet rock called rock and
no rock and bad bad stone in that here
do not rock and bad the next question
comes from the guests of the
week in my head is a show if
could live in a series which would be
I really like the walking dead
I have not thought about it well
video interview now I'm in this
little screen that is new to me but that
I know it's full of things you have the
link to my channel and the different
social networks I hope that I have
liked the video and see you in the
following